A bowl a day keeps the bullies away.
A dish that’s a winner for wartime.
A is for apple, J is for Jacks. Cinnamon toasty Applejacks.
Alpha-bits you know you want them, come and have some!
Always After My Lucky Charms- They’re Magically Delicious!
Applejacks will not be sold to bullies.
Applejacks. Where the sweet taste of CinnaMon is the winna-mon.
Ask for them by name.
Because that’s the kind of mom you are.
Bet you can’t eat three.
Breakfast cereal with a cowboy cartoon character. Waffle-o Bill sang Get along little blueberry critters, git along.
Breakfast of Champions.
Brings out the tiger in you, in you!
Cream of Wheat is so good to eat, and we have it everyday. We sing this song; it will make us b, and it makes us shout, Hooray! It’s good for growing babies, and grownups too to eat. For all the family’s. breakfast, you can’t beat Cream of Wheat.
Crisp shreds of golden goodness.
Crispness that lasts.
Donkey Kong! Donky Kong Cereal! Crunchy Barrels of fun for your breakfast! You’ll love that crunch!
Enjoy Total in the morning.
Flavor that makes you hungry.
Follow my nose it always knows.
Fresh Fruit. Fresh Kellogg’s Corn Flakes.
Fruit and Fibre. Tastes so good, you’ll forget the fiber.
Get all these vitamins in just one serving.
Go with the Goodness of Cheerios.
Gobblin’ Food.
Good value. Good nutrition. Good taste.
Goodness in fruity sweetened corn puffs.
Gotta have my pops!
Great day in the morning.
Great taste the whole family will love.
He likes it! Hey Mikey!
Hearts, stars, and horseshoes. Clovers and blue moons. Pots of gold and rainbows. And me red balloons. That’s me Lucky Charms. They’re magically delicious.
Honey Comb’s big! Yeah, yeah, yeah! It’s not small…no, no, no!
Honey Combs brand breakfast cereal.
How to Enjoy Breakfast.
I go cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs!
I vant to eat your cereal!
I’m Rapmaster Barney and I’m here to say, I love Fruity Pebbles in a major way!
It tastes like a chocolate milkshake, only crunchy!
It’s the simple joy of a wholesome head start.
K-E-double-L-O-double-good, Kellogg’s best to you…
Kid tested. Mother approved.
Kids like Kix for what Kix has got, Moms like Kix for what Kix is not.
Let Cocoa Krispies fill your spoon, and soon you’ll be gazing at a cocoa moon. sitting under a chocolate palm tree, by the cocoa sea.
Life has the most useful protein.
Life is full of surprises.
Listen! Get Hungry.
Lucky Charms. They’re magically delicious.
Mr. T cereal! Golden flakes, crispy T’s.. one bite and you’re gonna be eatin’ with the team that’s teaming up with Mr. T!
Nobody can say no to the honey nut O’s in Honey Nut Cheerios.
Now Pac-Man isn’t just a game you play, it’s a crispy corn cereal that’s coming your way! New Pac-Man! Chomp! Chomp! Delicious! There’s Inky, and Pinky, and Blinky and Clyde! We’re marshmallow bits you’ll find inside new Pac-Man! Chomp! Chomp! Delicious!”
Now… A New Flavor Guard.
Nutrition: Thats the Cheerios Tradition.
Oats, the Grain Highest in Protein.
Oh…those Golden Grahams… those Golden Grahams. Golden honey, just a touch, with grahams golden wheat.
Oot-fray, Oops-lay!
Powerful Good.
Race for the taste, the honey sweet taste!, the honey-nutty taste of Honey Nut Cheerios.
Re-discover the delicious world of Krunch.
Roar, Boys, Roar, It tastes like more, What a flavor, Zippity-zow – its grand – and how!
Serious nutrition with a happy taste.
Shot from guns.
Show’em you’re a tiger, Show’em what you can do, the taste of Tony’s Frosted Flakes, brings out the tiger in you, in you!
Silly Rabbit, Trix are for kids!
Sit down to a familiar face.
Smurfberry Crunch is fun to eat; A Smurfy, fruity, breakfast treat; Made by Smurfs so happily; It tastes like crunchy Smurfberries; it’s fun to eat and tasty too; in berry red and Smurfy blue!
Snap! Crackle! Pop!
So Effective. So Good to Eat.
So lighter. So tender. They melt in your mouth.
Start aging smart.
Start it right.
Stays crunchy, even in milk!
Successful weight control starts every morning.
Sugar Bear can’t get enough.
Take a bite, take a bite, take an Alpha-Bits bite. You can make a game out of eating every letter in sight. A, B, C…X, Y, Z.
Taste them again, for the first time.
The best to you each morning.
The Big G stands for Goodness.
The Breakfast of Champions.
The cereal shot from guns.
The simpler the better.
The sweetest surprise ever found in a box of cereal.
There’s no taste like Cheerios.
They’re A-B-C Delicious.
They’re Magically Delicious!
They’rrrre GR-R-REAT!
Think smart. Think Alpha-bits cereal.
Threshold of a fresh day.
Toasted wheat with a taste of honey.
Toasted Whole Grain Oat Cereal.
Today is the first day of the rest of our life.
Try the new taste in nutrition.
Try this treat.
Two scoops of plump juicy raisins.
Vote for crispness.
We eat what we like.
We’re gonna tempt your tummy, with the taste of nuts and honey, its a honey of an O, it’s Honey Nut Cheerios.
What are you eating? Nutin’ honey.
What’s the good word, bird?
What’s new? Life is New.
You are in service too.
High o’er the fence leaps Sunny Jim, FORCE is the food that raises him.
I’m gaga for cocoa!
Super sweet, can’t be beat!
It’s a different kind of mix!
The cereals with the BIG taste!
Follow your nose! It always knows!
There’s gold in them thar hills!
Two scoops of raisins in a package of Kellogg’s Raisin Bran
Vitamin-powered sugary cereal for Quazy energy!
Make every morning a Ricicles morning!
It’s got corn for crunch, oats for punch, and it stays crunchy, even in milk
The taste that’s full of surprises!
Yabba dabba doo!
New Waffelos Cereal… a nice part of a complete breakfast. Yaaa Hooo!
Gimme a Smack
A Glowing Part Of A Good Breakfast
Tastiest cereal you’ve ever met – it’s just like eating up the alphabet!
Crackos, Crackos wake up for Crackos!
Can’t Get Enough Of That Sugar Crisp
The taste you can see!